docs: Update using-atlantis.md (#4003)
runatlantis/atlantis: runatlantis.io/docs/using-atlantis.md

::: tip
If no directory/project/workspace is specified, ex. `atlantis apply`, this command will apply **all unapplied plans from this pull request**.
This includes all projects that have been planned manually with `atlantis plan` `-p`/`-d`/`-w` since the last autoplan or `atlantis plan` command.

> For the `atlantis apply` to work note that atlantis needs to know the location of the path where the tfstate is for that you can use this ENV $PLANFILE like `terraform plan -out $PLANFILE`
> in the plan step, and `terraform apply $PLANFILE` in the apply step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Atlantis commands to work,  Atlantis needs to know the location where the plan is. For that, you can use $PLANFILE which will contain the path of the plan file to be used in your custom steps. i.e `terraform plan -out $PLANFILE`
```
